to the west originally for a flat Gerber
easy to get around on not used to
driving to the models but I have to come
through to get here this is what I
learned about driving for winding
mountain roads you need to watch the
rope which is crazy because there's
signs everywhere telling you watch for
other things there's signs like watch
for animals I like magazine and again
specific watch for deer okay just do
that was a bear watch four runs
watch for falling rocks watch for
animals throwing rocks my favorite one
watch for low-flying aircraft
Oh fly aircraft a highway or a runway
listen listen I know engineering but if
I have to watch out to rocks animals and
airplanes maybe this is a bad place to
put a road
Maria I'm driving my insurance went up
this very is a terrible went through the
roof last week on TV I saw an
advertisement for a company so they can
insure me for a fraction one thing
unfortunately that fraction was five
thirds
signing out I'm so excited I could just
make my TV debut on Ferguson show those
stay up till four thirty in the morning
I was excited i emailed everyone I know
we all use email for work and for our
friends and stuff like the one problem
email sometimes you can't get a tone
that someone's trying to give an email
so I email every was like am i dead
right person someone wrote back good for
you
you something good for you like kids via
I running back there are back now I'm
just saying you're not even working on
forever back when they'll Xephos like no
I'm just saying I'm glad you finally
made it finally get away I never liked
him my kids were promised on you in
bedroom you're a fan what that was info
ipad look like that I I do believe in
bad luck I'm superstitious in fact I
believe that I have about seven hundred
and seventy nine years of bad luck
coming tonight from this time when I was
13 and I dropped a disco ball
so anyway zero out of a group of people
need a night like tonight go out to have
fun one guy hates too drunk and then I
times you gotta drive home but you want
to leave a scar there on that is Carly
today she driving home in his car I'm
always worried as my insurance cover me
on that guy's car always in the back of
my head right my friends always say the
same stupid thing for like don't worry
dude if anything happens we'll just
switch places we're going to sweets ways
and now I'm in terrible anal action
I knew it's like five minutes
there's only a problem mother figure out